# Crypto.org Chain Desktop Wallet

## Warning
Crypto.org Chain Desktop Wallet is currently in the beta development phase and subjects to changes. Before proceeding, please be aware of the following:

- Do not transfer any ERC20 tokens to addresses generated by this sample code as it can cause loss of funds.
- Crypto.org is not liable for any potential damage, loss of data/files arising from the use of the wallet.

## Latest releases

Please refer to the [release page](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-desktop-wallet/releases) for the latest released version.

## Contributing
Please abide by the [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in all interactions, and the [contributing guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) when submitting code.

### Multi-Language Content Management
Please refer to the [Instructions on Multi-Language Content Management](./CONTENT_MANAGEMENT.md) for any content updates. 

## License
[Apache 2.0](./LICENSE)

## Manual Build for Development

### For M1 Chip Macs 💻
At this moment, the project could only be compiled with `node` in `x64` binary version. 

Please check the installed binary version of your `node`:

```sh
node -p process.arch
x64
```
If `arm64` is returned, open your favourite Shell in Rosetta

```sh
arch -x86_64 /bin/bash
```

Reinstall `node` 14 or 15 under Rosetta. The reinstalled `node` will be in `x64` binary version by default. 

### Installation

```sh
yarn install
```
Installs all the needed dependencies

### Development & Builds Processes

#### Web Target 🌐

```sh
yarn start
```
The command above runs the app as a normal web app in development, deployed at http://localhost:3000/

```sh
yarn build
```
Builds an optimized web distributable output for the repository.

The final output build should be ready to be deployed like any normal react web app. The /build folder is ready to be deployed 🚀


#### Electron Target 💻

```sh
# Use webpack
yarn electron:dev

# Or use Vite(faster)
yarn vite:dev
```
Runs the Electron app in the development mode.

The Electron app will reload if you make edits in the electron directory.
You will also see any lint errors in the console.


```sh
yarn electron:build
```
Builds the Electron app package for production to the dist folder.

The app is ready to be distributed!